Throughout their joint press conference in London, Trump was effusive in his praise for Theresa May, particularly in relation to her handling of Brexit. It was a marked change in tone from the last time the US President was in the UK, when he had nothing but criticism for the way negotiations were going.

This time, just as May is about to step down as Prime Minister, Trump praised her efforts to take Britain out of the European Union, saying she had "teed up" a Brexit deal for her successor.

"I think it will happen, and I believe the Prime Minister's brought it to a very good point where something will take place in the not-too-distant future, I think she's done a very good job," Trump said.
The outgoing British Prime Minister joked that Trump, on his last visit, had proposed suing the EU. May said she had chosen to negotiate.

"I would have sued and settled, maybe, but you never know," Trump replied. And in a startling comment for a president who regards himself as a master dealmaker, he added: "She's probably a better negotiator that I am."

Trump suggested that history would judge May kindly on her handling of Brexit.

"She has got it, in a sense ... that deal is teed up. I think they have to do something," Trump said. "Perhaps you won't be given the credit you deserve if they do something, but I think you deserve a lot of credit, I really do," he added, as May nodded her thanks.
Trump also repeated his false claim that he predicted Britain voting for Brexit the day before it happened. "I really predicted what was going to happen, some of you remember that prediction, it was a strong prediction, made at a certain location at a development we were opening the day before it happened," he said.

In fact, Trump spoke about Brexit at his Turnberry golf course about Brexit the day after the Brexit vote.

35 min ago
Britain's health service should be part of a trade deal, Trump says
Donald Trump suggested that American participation in Britain's National Health Service should be on the table when the two nations negotiate a post-Brexit trade deal.

"I think everything with a trade deal is on the table," Trump said. "When you're dealing in trade everything is on the table, so NHS or anything else, a lot more than that, but everything will be on the table, absolutely."
That will concern anti-Brexit campaigners, who have long warned that relying on a post-Brexit deal would open up the UK's public health system to private US healthcare companies. It's a hot-button issue in the UK, where any sense that the NHS could be "privatized" or otherwise opened up to profit is universally seen as a vote-loser.

In response to Trump's comment, May added: "But the point in making trade deals is, of course, that both sides negotiate and come to an agreement about what should or should not be in that trade deal for the future." She did not take the opportunity to state a position on whether the health service would be part of that deal.
